intro

Dart is a object oriented programming language si,ilar to java, c-sharp so that means we are going working with objects of a class. 
Dart is statically typed language that means we have to declare its data type when ever we create a variable. Unlike js its dynamic typing. 
Dart language runs on dart vm. 
If your developing mobile apps flutter SDK has build in dart vm to do the job.


dart not require a class to start as like in java. it only looks for the main method.
we can use var keyword to store variable reference/instance. After that that variable only store of that type. 

print functoin used to print not sysout. 
$ symbol used to print value of a varibale. For complex variable used curly braces {} to print inside the value of braces.
this also can be used. but not req. 

we can't place main inside of class. if we place vm not picking it up. 
if no type is defined default it goes to dynamic type for a variable. or value. 
The main() method lives at the top level. Variables, functions, getters, and setters can all live outside of classes. 

Java declares private instance variables using the private tag, in dart it just _(underscore). 
Neither main() nor Bicycle is declared as public, because all identifiers are public by default. Dart doesn't have keywords for public, private, or protected.
constructor not required to have body.
new keyword can  be removed while creating an object.

if the variable value wont change we can define it as final instead of var. 
can override toString method to print object value.
Dart supports single or double quotes when specifying strings.
Use string interpolation to put the value of an expression inside a string literal: ${expression}. If the expression is an identifier, you can skip the braces: $variableName.
Shorten one-line functions or methods using fat arrow (=>) notation.
Uninitialized variables (even numbers) have the value null.
By default, Dart provides implicit getters and setters for all public instance variables. You don't need to define your own getters/setters unless you want to enforce read-only or write-only variables, compute or verify a value, or update a value elsewhere.